{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red159\green160\blue28;\red243\green235\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name:	J. Daniel Gonzalez\
UCID:	10058656\
Class:	CPSC 501\
Ass:		1\
\
\
Code base: The code base I chose to use for this assignment is the java project \'93Bartender\'94, a (terrible) program that I wrote specifically for this assignment. The program runs a \'93bartender\'94 that serves the user drinks and may learn to make new drinks. It also does not serve alcoholic drinks to underage users. \
\
Version control: The version control system I chose to use for this assignment is git.\
Initial commits:\
	First commit in the repository: 
\f1 \cf2 \cb0 \CocoaLigature0 4cd43cc361d43339e069800ef918a2df71fe738c
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \
	\'93Real\'94 first commit: 
\f1 \cf2 \cb0 \CocoaLigature0 b4345f357a315a4adf0c64bee6cd5e7de99ff68f
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
Final commit:  TODO\
	\
\
\
\cb3 TODO\cb1 :\
\
Things to submit: \
	1. Hard copy of this file (the report)\
	2. Hard copy of the first and last versions of your refactored code 		-First: DONE\
		-Last: TODO\
	3. A hard version of your unit test code\
	4. A hard copy of your version control logs\
\
\
\cb4 Report\cb1 :\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What needed to be improved? That is, what \'93bad code smell\'94 was detected? Use the terminology found in Chapter 3 of the Fowler text.\
\
\
What refactoring was applied? What steps did you follow? Use the terminology and mechanics outlined in the Fowler text, and illustrate the process with well-chosen code fragments taken from particular versions of your system.\
\
\
How was the code tested?\
\
\
Why is the code better structured after the refactoring? Does the result of the refactoring suggest or enable further refactorings?}